hey what is going on guys it is fresh
and welcome back to another play review
today's player review has got to be on
one of my most favorite players to play
with ultimate team it is going to be
informed Thomas Muller now I'm normally
you've just normal card in this German
squad and I tell you it is absolutely
outstanding so I had to pick up his
inform review them and let you guys know
what I think of him so first off the in
game stats just very impressive the
things I really just stand up to me is
that 86 crossing the 93 finishing the 88
shot power penalty short passing 91
violence just really excellent stats hi
work race with the fourth start with
foot three starts killings which isn't
that bad and I'll talk more about that
and they also really saw placed on him
with 97 reactions but the thing that
really impressed me the most is his 90
positioning so first off with his
shooting this guy is amazing now I love
his normal regular non inform card it is
just outstanding for me you know it is
an absolute beast on the right side I
know the high high workers might scare
you a bit but it promised you guys this
guy is there where he needs to be you
know even when he is defending when you
are on a counter-attack this guy is
always running back with you but one
thing that really impressed me about
this guy is a shooting though definitely
I mean 93 finishing is absolutely insane
I mean seriously majority times that
this guy is in the box seat is going to
finish and to make things better this
guy has 88 shot power so that just makes
things so much better now you will see
in a couple clips that the goal is
sometimes manage to always block his
shots but then he scores goals like that
outside the box on his weak foot it just
goes in magically because this guy is
just really excellent at shooting you
know very great long shots if you ask me
you'll see a couple of nights long shot
still here with him on this week foot
and his strong foot that is really great
and one thing I really love about this
guy is his finesse icsf finesse shot
trade and honestly when you finesse it
with this guy ish is bound to go when
you know absolutely no doubt another
good thing about this guy is that he is
actually pretty good at heading you know
um
77 jumping and 83 a heading accuracy
actually isn't that bad he did manage to
score me a header when he was in a box
and that kind of goes along with his
position that you know this guy is there
where you need him and that's one thing
that I really loved about this guy and
not only that but this guy is also great
when it comes to a sixty to eighty six
crossing is insane I mean this guy
delivers some very good crosses now I
know it's only two assists but sadly
like a lot of the crosses that I did the
players always kept hitting the bar and
everything which is it his fault so I
did include those clips in here but
nevertheless some great crossing on him
pretty solid pass if you asked me as
well you know 88 short passing that
thing was like 78 long past overall
pretty solid to me now this guy also has
some really good pace on him 283 pace is
actually really good you know he felt
kind of about that if not just a little
bit faster you know it was p he's just
like a really good player when it comes
to the pace you know um always easy to
get in and out of the fenders you know
some really great dribbling on him too
in case you can't rely on this place all
the time too and even if you feel
sometimes with that this got all sad
some solid strength on him to it says
about 70 strength in the end game stats
and I kind of feel like he was a bit
stronger than that you know not too
strong but maybe like mid 70s or high
70s to the low 80s kind of type of thing
you know this guy doesn't just get
bullied off the ball you know I really
loved using this car with him solid
rippling great pace on him excellent
shooting I'm absolutely love to shooting
you know everything about this card is
good the only con is his hihi work rates
now his positioning is going to be a pro
because this guy is everywhere that you
need him but because of those high high
work race this guy is worn out at the
end of the game otherwise in this guy
would get a perfect 10 out of 10 but
those were Christians kind of tiring off
throughout the entire game so you will
get a nine out of nine point eight out
of 10 for me I absolutely recommend this
guy go ahead and try them out if you
can't afford to inform try out his non
inform card I promise you you guys will
be impressed this guy is amazing inside
the box outside the box cross see
anything that you need Muller can do it
for you mother is an absolute
we in same player and I will recommend
them for you to try them in your
Bundesliga teams but anyways guys this
is fresh hope you guys enjoy the players
will let me know down in the comments
below who do you want me to review on
the seam in a week and I am out I hope
you guys enjoyed the video peace